fix 增加9月常见问题， (#726)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/anti-addiction/faq.mdx

### Environments for Testing Real-Name Verification

No matter if you are building an Android or iOS project, you cannot test the service in Unity Editor’s environment. Please test the service by running packages on real devices or emulators.

> ### Test accounts in a test real-name authentication environment also require real names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In a testing environment for real-name verification, the verification process is still required for test accounts
```

> PMake sure that the **PlayerUniqueIdentifier** `userIdentifier` passed into `startup` is the `unionid` of the TapTap user, which can be obtained by referring to [Quick Log-in With TapTap](/sdk/taptap-login/guide/start/#quick-log-in-with-taptap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that the **player's unique identifier** `userIdentifier` passed into `startup` is the `unionid` of the TapTap user, which can be obtained by referring to [Quick Log-in With TapTap](/sdk/taptap-login/guide/start/#quick-log-in-with-taptap).
```
